refactor: use `SlashingRegistryCoordinator` in `MockAvsDeploymentLib.sol` (#384)
Layr-Labs/eigensdk-rs: CHANGELOG.md

* Renamed `set_account_identifier` to `set_avs` [#365](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/eigensdk-rs/pull/365)
  * The underlying call was renamed in [the v1.1.1 eigenlayer-middleware release](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/eigenlayer-middleware/releases/tag/v1.1.1-testnet-slashing).

* Changed the signature of `build_avs_registry_chain_writer` in [#384](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/eigensdk-rs/pull/384).

>   * The `operator_state_retriever_addr` parameter was removed.
>   * The `service_manager_addr` parameter was added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The `operator_state_retriever_addr` parameter was replaced by `service_manager_addr`.
```

Reviewer: Let's also mention that this was done because later middleware versions don't have a `ServiceManager`.

Author: Done [3da2ce2](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/eigensdk-rs/pull/384/commits/3da2ce2c7e6dc0ee1bab8e8c27a7d409fafa0d75)
